Expose environment variables and dbt variables in `ProjectConfig` (#735)
astronomer/astronomer-cosmos: docs/configuration/render-config.rst

- ``dbt_deps``: A Boolean to run dbt deps when using dbt ls for dag parsing. Default True
- ``node_converters``: a dictionary mapping a ``DbtResourceType`` into a callable. Users can control how to render dbt nodes in Airflow. Only supported when using ``load_method=LoadMode.DBT_MANIFEST`` or ``LoadMode.DBT_LS``. Find more information below.
- ``dbt_executable_path``: The path to the dbt executable for dag generation. Defaults to dbt if available on the path.

> - ``env_vars``: (Deprecated since Cosmos 1.3 use ``ProjectConfig.env_vars`` instead) A dictionary of environment variables for rendering. Only supported when using ``load_method=LoadMode.DBT_LS``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``env_vars``: (available in v1.2.5, use``ProjectConfig.env_vars`` for v1.3.0 onwards) A dictionary of environment variables for rendering. Only supported when using ``load_method=LoadMode.DBT_LS``.
```
I already started looking into versioning our docs in ReatTheDocs, to solve #750, but the name is taken 🙈  While we don't sort out this, let's try to be explicit about the version of new features, to avoid confusion such as in #752 and #726.
